Ned: IN A MIDDLE SCHOOL
FULL OF BULLIES...
INSANE TEACHERS...
AAH!
AND GROSS SCHOOL LUNCHES,
NED BIGBY--THAT'S ME--
AND MY TWO BEST
FRIENDS TRY TO DO
THE IMPOSSIBLE--
CREATE A GUIDE THAT WILL HELP
YOU SURVIVE SCHOOL.
[BELL RINGING]
Man: ♪ COMING UP ♪
♪ LOOKING OUT ♪
♪ I'LL SURVIVE IT NO DOUBT ♪
♪ NEVER FEAR ♪
♪ BRING IT ON ♪
♪ BREAKING DOWN
WHAT'S IN MY WAY ♪
♪ AND I'M ♪
♪ ESCAPED DETENTION
AND A BUNCH OF BULLIES
TRIED TO STOP ME ♪
♪ FINDING MY PLACE
IN THIS WORLD ♪
♪ AND I... ♪
Ned: "NED'S DECLASSIFIED
SCHOOL SURVIVAL GUIDE."
YOUR RESULTS MAY VARY.
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
AND NICKELODEON
SO YOU GUYS HAVEN'T
MADE ANY NEW FRIENDS
IN A WHILE,
AND THE GUIDE SAYS
WE SHOULD ALWAYS
TRY AND MAKE
NEW FRIENDS,
AND BASICALLY,
YOU HAVEN'T.
YEAH, I GUESS.
GREAT. THEN YOU
CAN BE FRIENDS
WITH FAYMEN,
AND I'M SURE YOU'LL
ALL GET ALONG GREAT
BECAUSE YOU'RE ALL
GREAT GUYS.
GREAT!
SEE YOU GUYS LATER.
I DON'T LIKE YOU.
♪ WHOA, OH, OH, OH ♪
SO HOW DID IT GO
WITH FAYMEN?
SOMETHING TELLS ME
HE DOESN'T LIKE ME.
ACTUALLY, IT WAS HIM.
YOU JUST HAVE TO GET
TO KNOW EACH OTHER,
FIND OUT WHAT YOU
GUYS HAVE IN COMMON.
YOU BOTH READ.
THERE'S SOMETHING.
AND I LIKE HIM,
AND IT'S IMPORTANT
THAT MY BEST FRIEND
LIKES HIM.
FINE.
AND GOT A LITTLE
TREAT FOR YOU.
$75 TO SUPER NAIL
SALON AND DAY SPA?
MY AUNT GAVE IT
TO ME,
AND IT EXPIRES
TODAY.
WE CAN GET
MANICURES,
GET OUR FACES
SCRUBBED.
EHHH!
GUYS GET MANICURES
ALL THE TIME.
THEN ASK FAYMEN.
HE'S GOT A BIG
SOCCER PRACTICE
TONIGHT.
DID YOU KNOW HE'S,
LIKE, SOME BIG
SOCCER PRODIGY
IN BRAZIL?
THEN I SUGGEST YOU
ASK A GIRL.
OF COURSE.
I'LL JUST ASK...
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
YOU KNOW, I'M JUST
GONNA PICK UP
THE PHONE AND CALL...
[OWL HOOTING]
I'M THE CAPTAIN
OF THE VOLLEYBALL TEAM.
I'LL JUST GET ONE
OF MY FRIENDS
ON THE TEAM TO GO.
[HIGH-PITCHED SCREAM]
MY PEN! MY LUCKY PEN
IS GONE!
GG-GG!
I ACED 5 TESTS
WITH THAT PEN,
AND NOW I'M GONNA FLUNK
AND BE A FLUNKY.
[BELL RINGING]
OK. LET'S SPLIT UP.
COOKIE, YOU STAY
HERE AND LOOK FOR
YOUR STUPID PEN.
NED, YOU GO
TO STUDY HALL,
MAKE FRIENDS
WITH FAYMEN.
AAH!
AND I'LL GO TO PRACTICE
AND FIND A GIRL
TO GO TO THE SPA WITH.
GO!
SO...MOZE TELLS ME
YOU'RE SOME
BIG SOCCER STAR.
I'M NOT REALLY
A SOCCER GUY.
I MEAN, WHAT KIND
OF SPORT DOESN'T LET
YOU USE YOUR HANDS?
IT'S LIKE
SOME FREAKY
ARMLESS SPORT.
HA HA HA!
OH, OH!
IT IS THE NATIONAL SPORT
OF MY COUNTRY.
I GOT TO GO
TO THE BATHROOM.
HEH HEH!
HEY! WHO WANTS TO GO
GET THEIR NAILS DONE
WITH ME AFTER SCHOOL?
WE CAN HANG OUT,
AND IT'S FREE.
GG-GG!
[BELL RINGING]
WHERE'S MY PEN! OHH!
NEW WEASEL-CATCHING PLAN?
WHO CATCHES
THE WEASEL?
THE MOUNTAIN LION.
AND HOW DOES HE
DO IT?
HE WAITS PATIENTLY
IN THE TALL,
TALL GRASS.
I WILL WAIT.
I WILL CATCH
THE WEASEL.
I AM
THE MOUNTAIN LION.
HEY. HAVE YOU SEEN
MY LUCK--
SHH! I AM
THE MOUNTAIN LION!
WHERE'S MY PEN?
AAH! DON'T EAT
MY FACE!
MY PEN!
YOU FOUND IT! OHH!
OH. AND I FOUND
SOMETHING FOR YOU.
Man: ♪ BORN FREE ♪
LOOK. FAYMEN AND I
ARE GOING OUT,
AND EVENTUALLY,
WE'RE GONNA GET MARRIED,
AND AS IT STANDS
RIGHT NOW,
YOU'RE MY MAID
OF HONOR.
SO I NEED YOU GUYS
TO BE FRIENDS.
BUT WE DON'T HAVE
ANYTHING IN COMMON!
YOU CAN'T FIND
A BETTER POTENTIAL FRIEND
THAN FAYMEN PHORCHIN.
HE'S PERFECT.
SO HAVE YOU FOUND
A NEW FRIEND TO GO
TO THE NAIL PLACE?
NO, BUT I WILL.
OH, YES, I WILL.
I CANNOT FIND
ONE GIRL TO GO
TO SUPER NAILS
WITH ME.
WELL, I FOUND
A NEW FRIEND!
[HIP-HOP PLAYING]
OK. ONE, THAT'S
A WILD ANIMAL,
AND TWO, IF GORDY
FINDS OUT YOU'RE
HIDING THE WEASEL,
HE'LL FREAK.
BUT THE WEASEL'S
NICE,
AND GORDY
WILL NEVER FIND OUT
BECAUSE AS FRIENDS,
WE'RE SUPPOSED
TO KEEP
EACH OTHER'S
SECRETS.
GIVE ME YOUR YEAR BOOK.
I'M GONNA PICK
A NEW FRIEND
BECAUSE I'M FRIENDLY.
SYLVIA GUMPOPPER!
TIME TO MEET
MY NEW FRIEND.
[LAUGHTER]
WHAT'S SO GREAT
ABOUT FAYMEN PHORCHIN?
WELL, MAYBE YOU'RE
A TAD JEALOUS.
YOU KNOW, MOZE IS
STARTING TO SPEND
MORE TIME WITH HIM,
HE'S TALL,
HE'S A SOCCER STAR,
HE'S GOT THAT
CRAZY ACCENT.
HE IS PERFECT.
NOBODY IS PERFECT.
AND I'LL PROVE IT,
AND WHEN I'M DONE,
MOZE WILL REALIZE
HOW NOT SO GREAT
FAYMEN IS
AND DUMP HIM,
AND I WON'T HAVE
TO BE HIS FRIEND.
GOOD PLAN.
SPEAKING OF PLANS,
WHERE'S THE WEASEL?
I DON'T KNOW.
HE HASN'T EVEN
STOPPED BY FOR A BITE.
Man: ♪ BORN FREE ♪
ARE YOU
SYLVIA GUMPOPPER?
YEAH.
[LOUD POPPING]
WELL, AHEM, I HAVE
THIS GREAT NAIL/SPA
GIFT CERTIFICATE, AND...
[POPPING]
I--OH!
AHA!
YOU TOOK MONEY
THAT DIDN'T
BELONG TO YOU.
YOU COULD HAVE
WALKED RIGHT INTO
THE ADMIN. OFFICE
AND SEEN IF ANYONE
HAD LOST IT,
BUT YOU DIDN'T
BECAUSE YOU'RE
SELFISH.
NO. EVERY TIME
I FIND MONEY,
I SAVE IT
AND DONATE IT
TO CHARITY.
OH. THAT'S NICE.
GGH!
MOZE HATES BAD DANCERS,
SO LET'S SEE IF
MR. PERFECT CAN DANCE.
HEY, FAYMEN,
GET DOWN, GET FUNKY!
RIGHT. BECAUSE YOU
CAN'T DANCE.
♪ JUMP ALL AROUND,
JUMP ALL AROUND ♪
♪ STEP ONE,
WANT TO DANCE ♪
♪ BURNS THROUGH YOUR FEET,
IT GETS DEEP ♪
♪ YOU CAN JUMP
WHEN THE BEAT GETS UP ♪
♪ YOU CAN'T KEEP OR RESIST
THE BREEZE THROUGH ♪
♪ THE RAIN ♪
♪ TAKE IT, COME ON,
FREAK IT OUT ♪
♪ YOU GOT IT NOW ♪
NICE DANCE. HEH.
FINE. I'LL HIT
ON HIM,
BUT ONLY IF YOU
TELL ME AGAIN
IT'S BECAUSE I'M
THE PRETTIEST
GIRL IN SCHOOL
YOU'RE THE PRETTIEST
GIRL IN SCHOOL.
I KNOW.
OK.
NOW, ASK HIM OUT
SO I CAN PROVE
HE'S GOT
A CHEATING HEART.
FAYMEN, I WAS
THINKING,
YOU AND I SHOULD
GO OUT SOMETIME.
I AM THE PRETTIEST
AND MOST POPULAR
GIRL IN SCHOOL.
MY FART BELONGS
TO MOZE.
SAY WHAT?
MY FART BELONGS
TO MOZE.
HIS HEART.
HE MEANS HIS HEART
BELONGS TO MOZE!
IS THERE A PROBLEM
HERE, NED?
NO. THERE'S NO PROBLEM
BECAUSE YOU'RE PERFECT!
SO LET'S BE BUDDIES!
AH, HA HA!
GOTCHA!
YOU'RE NOT A WEASEL.
WHY ARE YOU STEALING
FREE WEASEL FOOD?
ARE YOU HIDING
SOMETHING?
NO. UH...
I'M JUST HUNGRY.
ALL RIGHT.
WHERE IS HE?
[HIP-HOP PLAYING]
EEH! OHH!
YOU CAUGHT
THE WEASEL,
AND I'M SHIPPING
HIM OFF TONIGHT!
NO. H-H-HE'S
MY FRIEND.
HE'S DEADLY.
LOOK AT MY FACE.
NO. H-H-HE'S
GOOD NOW,
NOT WILD.
HE CAN BE
WELL-TRAINED, FUN,
AND A NICE
SCHOOL PET.
GIVE ME THE REST
OF THE DAY TO TRAIN HIM,
AND I'LL PROVE IT!
ALL RIGHT. YOU GOT
TILL THE END
OF THE SCHOOL DAY,
OR IT'S OF
TO THE PARAGUAY ZOO
WITH THAT THING!
EHH. OHH.
WELL?
WHAT CAN I SAY?
HE'S PERFECT
LIKE YOU SAID.
I LOVE HIM.
NOW IF ONLY I COULD
FIND A GO-WITH-ME-
TO-SUPER-NAILS FRIEND.
WELL, YOU HATED
SUSIE BEFORE YOU
BECAME FRIENDS.
MAYBE YOU JUST NEED
TO HANG WITH SOMEONE
YOU CAN'T STAND!
SO NED SUGGESTED
SINCE I HATED SUSIE
AND WE BECAME FRIENDS,
UM, AND SINCE
I HATE YOU,
WE COULD BE FRIENDS.
WELL, THAT DOES MAKE
A LOT OF SENSE,
AND I DO LIKE
MANICURES.
SO I'LL MEET YOU
AFTER SCHOOL.
WHY NOT?
I'M SORRY.
I MIGHT HAVE
BEEN JEALOUS
AND SET YOU UP
TO FAIL,
BUT YOU WERE RUDE
TO ME FIRST.
JENNIFER TALKS
ABOUT YOU ALL THE TIME,
AND MAYBE I DIDN'T
WANT TO LIKE YOU.
WELL, YOU GOT
NOTHING TO
WORRY ABOUT
BECAUSE YOU'RE
PERFECT, I'M NOT,
AND WE HAVE NOTHING
IN COMMON.
I'M NOT PERFECT
BECAUSE I LIE
A LOT.
I FIND MISSY
VERY ATTRACTIVE,
AND I WAS GOING
TO BUY DVD WITH THIS,
NOT DONATE IT,
AND I DON'T HAVE
SOCCER PRACTICE TONIGHT.
I JUST DON'T WANT
TO GET NAILS DONE.
I LIED TO YOU.
I TOLD MOZE
I LIKED YOU
WHEN I DIDN'T!
WE DO HAVE SOMETHING
IN COMMON.
WE'RE BOTH LIARS!
I THREW VEGGIE SOUP
IN THE NURSE'S
TOILET YESTERDAY
AND SAID I THREW UP
TO GET OUT OF A TEST.
I ONCE TOLD A GIRL
I WAS THE PRINCE
OF BRAZIL TO GET DATE.
THERE IS NO
PRINCE OF BRAZIL.
ON MY SIGNAL,
LOUISA WILL RUN
DOWN THIS RAMP,
THEN THROUGH
THE SLALOM,
OVER THESE JUMPS,
DASH THROUGH
THESE TUBES,
UP THE LADDER,
ACROSS
THE HIGH WIRE,
THEN JUMP INTO
THE TINY WEASEL
POOL BELOW.
WELL, IF THAT WEASEL
CAN DO ALL OF THAT,
HE CAN STAY AND BE
THE SCHOOL PET.
OK. SHOW GORDY
WHAT YOU GOT.
AAH! AAH!
Gordy: NOW YOU GOT--OHH!
AAH!
Ned: SO IF YOU'RE TRYING
TO MAKE NEW FRIENDS, REMEMBER,
RULE OUT WEASELS.
INSTEAD, TRY NEW THINGS--
JOIN CLUBS, CHANGE LUNCH TABLES,
TRY INTRAMURAL SPORTS.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE
A GREAT ATHLETE.
JUST HAVE FUN AND MAKE
A BUNCH OF FRIENDS.
YEAH! SEE,
YOU USED YOUR HANDS.
Ned: AND NEVER JUDGE
A NEW FRIEND BY ITS COVER
BECAUSE THEY MAY BE NICER
THAN YOU THINK.
WELL, I'M OFF
TO MY BIG
SOCCER PRACTICE.
HAVE FUN
AT NAIL PLACE.
GREAT. YOU GUYS
GET NEW FRIENDS,
AND I CAN'T FIND
ONE GIRL TO TAKE
TO THE SALON
AND TALK GIRL STUFF.
I GOT TO SAY,
IT'S A LOT OF FUN
HANGING OUT
WITH YOU GIRLS.
HEY. WHAT ARE
FRIENDS FOR?
BUT THIS IS
A ONE-TIME THING.
I LIKE GETTING
MY NAILS DONE.
NO, YOU DON'T.
SO WHEN THE AIR IS DRY
AND YOUR FEET RUB
THE CARPET,
AN EXCESS OF POSITIVE
OR NEGATIVE CHARGES IS CREATED,
WHICH IS WHY
WHEN YOU TOUCH SOMEONE,
THOSE CHARGES BALANCE THEMSELVES
BY JUMPING TO THE OTHER PERSON,
CAUSING A SHOCK.
[STATIC CRACKLES]
AAH! AAH!
HA HA HA!
THE POSITIVE AND NEGATIVE--
IT'S A BIG PART OF SCIENCE
AND A BIG PART OF LIFE.
IF YOU THINK POSITIVE,
GOOD THINGS CAN HAPPEN.
THINK NEGATIVE,
BAD THINGS CAN HAPPEN.
ERR!
AAH!
IN FACT, STUDIES HAVE SHOWN
THAT HAVING A POSITIVE OUTLOOK
ON LIFE IS CONTAGIOUS.
MAKES PEOPLE AROUND YOU
FEEL GREAT.
LIFE IS GREAT!
Dr. Xavier: EVERYONE,
TRANSFERRING INTO OUR
CLASS IS MARC DOWNER.
LIFE STINKS.
UNFORTUNATELY,
NEGATIVE THINKING
IS CONTAGIOUS, TOO.
♪ WHOA, OH, OH, OH ♪
[BELL RINGING]
WHY DID SWEENEY HAVE
TO TEACH LOOMER
ABOUT STATIC ELECTRICITY?
AAH!
YOU THINK
LOOMER'S BAD?
MARC DOWNER, AKA
THE MOST NEGATIVE
KID AT POLK,
TRANSFERRED
INTO MY MATH CLASS.
JUST LET YOUR
POSITIVE ENERGY
CHEER HIM UP.
HE COULD USE IT.
WHY ARE YOU SO
UPPY-PUPPY?
I'VE GOT A BIG DATE
WITH FAYMEN
AFTER SCHOOL,
AND I THINK TODAY
MIGHT BE THE DAY
WE KISS.
[SNICKERS]
Both: YOU HAVEN'T
KISSED YET?
WOULD YOU...
OW!
ON THE FIRST DATE,
HE HAD A COLD.
ON ANOTHER, MY DAD
CAME WITH US,
AND THE LAST TIME
HE WALKED ME
TO THE DOOR,
I HAD NACHO MOUTH,
BUT TODAY, I WILL
NOT EAT NACHOS.
WE WILL KISS,
AND SPARKS WILL FLY.
THANKS FOR
A WONDERFUL DATE.
HUH?
[BULLIES LAUGHING]
[BUZZER SOUNDS]
I'M IMMUNE TO SHOCK.
FIND COOK.
SO DID SPARKS FLY?
DID YOUR LIPS BURN
FROM THE HEAT?
IT WAS--GG-GG-GG--
Both: NO SPARKS.
AAH!
MAYBE I'M JUST
GETTING A COLD
OR I WAS NERVOUS,
BUT THE NEXT KISS
WILL BE MAGICAL.
I KNOW IT.
[GIRL SCREAMING]
GREAT STORY.
GOT TO GO. BYE!
NYAAH! NYAAH!
OHH, OHH!
OHH!
I CAN'T ESCAPE
THE DOWNER.
HE'S KILLING ME.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M NEGATIVELY
CHARGED,
TOTALLY STATIC
AND ELECTRIC.
I'M GONNA ZAP
LOOMER BACK
TO THE STONE AGE.
GGG! AAH! ARGH!
MAYBE I SHOULD
HAVE TRIED
A POSITIVE CHARGE.
MAYBE I SHOULD, TOO.
YOU STILL RUNNING
FROM DOWNER?
NOPE. I'M LOOKING
FOR HIM
BECAUSE I'M GONNA
CHEER HIM UP.
HIS NEGATIVITY HAS
MADE ME REALIZE
YOU CAN'T RUN
FROM YOUR PROBLEMS.
YOU GOT TO STAY
POSITIVE AND RUN
RIGHT AT THEM.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'LL RUN AT HIM.
LIKE THE MOVIES.
IT WILL BE ROMANTIC.
WE'LL GET SWEPT UP
IN THE MOMENT,
WE'LL OPEN OUR ARMS,
THINGS
WILL SLOW DOWN,
WE'LL MEET,
WE'LL KISS,
AND SPARKS
WILL FLY.
OH, YEAH.
I'M RUNNING.
[GROANING]
[WHISTLING]
OK, BIGBY.
STAY POSITIVE.
SO, MARC, YOU SEEM
A LITTLE BUMMED.
WHAT'S THE POINT?
THERE'S NO HOPE.
WELL, WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT
BECAUSE I'M GONNA
CHEER YOU UP!
WE LIVE IN A BARREN
UNIVERSE OF NOTHINGNESS.
WE DO LIVE
IN A BARREN UNIVERSE
OF NOTHINGNESS.
WELL, WORSE THAN THAT,
NOW WHEN I KISS FAYMEN,
I GET HURT.
HMM.
[CLANG]
THERE'S GOT TO BE
A WAY TO STOP
DOWNER'S NEGATIVE
NEGATIVITY!
YAGGG!
WAIT THAT'S IT.
YOU'RE GONNA SHOCK
HIM ON THE EAR?
OPPOSITES ATTRACT,
RIGHT?
THAT'S WHY COOKIE
KEEPS GETTING
SHOCKED.
YAAR!
SINCE DOWNER'S
SUPER-NEGATIVELY
CHARGED,
THEN ALL I'VE GOT
TO DO IS FIND
A POSITIVELY CHARGED
SUPERSTUDENT
TO PUT HIM
IN BALANCE.
BUT WHO?
HIYA, GUYS.
WHAT A GREAT DAY.
I MEAN, SURE,
I FLUNKED
MY MATH QUIZ,
BUT IT'S JUST GREAT
TO BE ALIVE!
TIME FOR PLAN QUERLY.
OHH!
OH, MAN.
THE BASEMENT'S
FLOODED!
I HAVE TO DRY IT OUT
WITH THESE
GIANT, POWERFUL,
AIR-DRYING
DEHUMIDIFIERS.
TIME FOR PLAN GORDY!
WAIT! WHAT ABOUT ME?
TIME FOR PLAN XAVIER.
SO WHEN THIS BOY
YOU REALLY LIKE
KISS YOU,
YOU FEEL PBBT!
HE'S GREAT AND SWEET
AND CUTE,
BUT WHEN I KISS HIM,
THERE'S JUST NO SPARK.
I MAY BE
MATH TEACHER,
BUT I DO KNOW
FEW THINGS
ABOUT LOVE
BECAUSE I READ
ROMANCE NOVELS.
THE SETTING
FOR A BIG KISS HAS
TO BE JUST RIGHT.
YOU MUST HOLD
EACH OTHER AS
THE MUSIC SWELLS.
AND LET THE SUN
HIT YOUR FACE
AS THE WARM WIND BLOWS
AND DOVES
FLY.
HE IS RIGHT.
AND THEN YOU...
DR. XAVIER!
OH. THAT WAS HOT.
BUT THAT KIND
OF THING ONLY HAPPENS
IN ROMANCE NOVELS,
AND I DON'T THINK I
CAN GET FAYMEN
TO A TROPICAL BEACH
BY SEVENTH PERIOD.
JA, OKEY-DOKEY.
CLASS, WE ARE GOING
TO HELP JENNIFER
GET SPARKY KISS.
AV SQUAD, I NEED
HUGE REAR MOVIE
SCREEN PROJECTOR.
GARDEN CLUB, I NEED
BEAUTIFUL FLOWERS.
RIGHT. CRONY,
I'M GONNA NEED
A SUPERPRETTY,
FRILLY DRESS.
I DON'T--HEH...
FINE.
CHOIR, I'M GONNA
NEED SOME SINGING.
♪ OK ♪
WHERE CAN I GET
SOME DOVES?
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY,
POSITIVELY GONNA BE
THE GREATEST KISS EVER!
ALL RIGHT, MARTIN.
YOU THE MAN.
JUST GET IN THERE
AND SHOW HIM THE POWER
OF BEING POSITIVE.
EASY. POSITIVE THINKING
EMITS ONLY POSITIVE
THOUGHTS INTO THE MIND.
IDEAS AND IMAGES
WILL BOTH GO--
SAVE IT FOR DOWNER.
GO!
HEY, MARC. I'M MARTIN.
HAVE YOU EVER THOUGHT
ABOUT BEING POSITIVE?
IT COULD CHANGE YOUR LIFE.
IN FACT, STUDIES HAVE SHOWN
THAT HAPPY PEOPLE HAVE
LOWER RISK
OF HEART ATTACKS
AND DESPAIR.
HOPELESSNESS.
I MEAN...
POSITIVE ENERGY
CAN HELP...
AND AGONY.
WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE.
I MEAN, IF WE
JUST TRY TO THINK
MORE POSITIVE AND...
HORROR, PAIN,
TOO MUCH NEGATIVITY.
TOO MUCH NOTHINGNESS.
JUST TOO MUCH NEGATIVE!
I DON'T GET IT.
OPPOSITES ARE
SUPPOSED TO ATTRACT.
IN SCIENCE, YES,
BUT POP QUIZ!
WHAT DO WE GET
WHEN YOU MULTIPLY
NEGATIVE TIMES NEGATIVE?
A POSITIVE.
OF COURSE.
TWO NEGATIVES!
THANK YOU, MATH!
SARAH, HOW WOULD YOU
LIKE TO PARTAKE
IN A MATH EXPERIMENT
THAT PROVES
THROUGH INTERPERSONAL
COMMUNICATION
WHEN YOU MULTIPLY
A NEGATIVE BY A NEGATIVE
YOU GET A POSITIVE?
EVERY DAY, I LOOK
AT THE SUN,
AND YET I FEEL
NO WARMTH.
PERFECT!
SARAH, MARC.
MARC, SARAH.
WANT TO HEAR
SOME INDUSTRIAL NOISE?
WANT TO SEE
MY COLLECTION
OF ROTTING FRUIT?
I THINK DOWNER JUST SMILED,
AND THEY'RE ABOUT TO TOUCH!
EWW. THAT'S BAD.
NO. THAT'S GOOD.
MARC'S HAPPY.
NOT FOR LONG!
LOOMER HANGS OUT
IN HERE
SEVENTH PERIOD,
SO WE PUT 4
DEHUMIDIFIERS
IN THERE
TO MAKE THE AIR
SUPERDRY
AND TURBO-SHOCKY.
YEAH. RIGHT NOW,
THAT ROOM'S BASICALLY
AN ELECTROSTATIC TIME BOMB.
WHAT?!
KISS ME NOW,
YOU PERFECT THING.
NOOOOOO!
WOW.
THANKS, NED.
MY PLAN IS RUINED!
YEAH, BUT NEDDY'S
PLAN WORKED OUT.
SORT OF.
HE'S COMING!
AAH!
OK. CUING FAN.
START
PROJECTION NOW.
CUE THE CHOIR.
♪ AHH AHH AHH ♪
JUST LIKE
IN A ROMANCE BOOK.
YES, I KNOW.
JENNIFER, YOU LOOK
AMAZING.
Choir: ♪ AHH AHH AHH AHH ♪
♪ AHH AHH AHH AHH ♪
NOTHING.
WELL, THAT'S A WRAP,
EVERYBODY.
GREAT JOB, THOUGH.
IT LOOKED GREAT.
[BELL RINGS]
SOMEBODY GET HIM.
MAN, THAT WAS
SOME KISS.
NOT REALLY.
NO. LOOK.
THEY'RE HAPPY.
EVERYONE'S HAPPY.
AND SCARY.
I WENT
WITH PLAN SWEENEY.
AND SINCE RUBBER
DOESN'T CONDUCT
ELECTRICITY,
MR. COOK CAN
REDIRECT IT.
HA HA!
[SPUTTERING]
NOW THAT'S WHAT
I CALL BEING POSITIVE.
♪ WHOA, OH, OH, OH ♪
ACTION!
[LAUGHTER]
BUT ONLY IF YOU
TELL BLLSH MM MN.
AND I DO LIKE
MAKE BBLL MM MM.
NO!
OH, HO.
OK. THAT'S A CUT.
AND CUT.
OHH! OH, HO HO!
I'M GONNA PICK
A NEW FRIEND.
[CLANG]
WHOA.
[LAUGHTER]
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
AND NICKELODEON
CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org--